ShopNext-2.0
============

The next level of this prototype will stand upon three primary pillars: 1.	Simulation environment: How to create an easy to assemble &amp; reproducible simulation environment using minimal hardware to create engagement models for our audience? ShopNext v2.0 will be about real people generating real events using real objects! 2.	Reusability: How to ensure the node App &amp; the back end apps can be leveraged a frameworks? 3.	A Learning System: How do we ensure that the system is not restricted to preset data and can work on big data using optimal storage strategy for fast processing and learn the patterns currently pre-configured into event processing engine?  Let’s talk further over a call guys. How about later tonight? Meanwhile we should start looking into the following areas and come prepared for the call:  Task	Primary/Secondary Owner	Concerns/Status/Comments Front end widget upgrade	Bharat/ Phani	•	Revamping the views rendered to the browser. •	Ramping support for cross library integration. •	Urge you guys to take the Angular/Javascript/Backbone courses on Code school. Nodejs app re-structuring	Phani/ Bharat	•	Rebuilding the node app to a structured app with reusable framework scripts. •	Support hot-sync of new widgets using gulp/bower/live-reload. •	Urge you guys to take the Express/Node courses on Code school. Esper-Mule revamp	Jack/ Subhadip	•	Hot syncing of EPL.  •	Comparison of usage of Storm to host ESPER vs MULE. •	Formalizing the data storage/retrieval. Item recommender/ Price optimizer	Subhadip/Jack	•	Evaluating in-memory grid computing for data store vs NOSQL vs Hadoop •	Evaluating MAPR (Mahout) for a learning system on top of the data store. (http://info.mapr.com/rs/mapr/images/PracticalMachineLearning.pdf ) •	Integrating with existing stack.  Simulation environment	Tushar/Subhadip	•	Evaluating options for setting up an easy to assemble environment. •	Doing a cost-benefit analysis
